These are networkx diagrams of the required physics courses. I will also include my Python notebook and Excel sheets.

In some cases, students may take 1 of 2, 2 of 3, etc, courses.
For example, physics students are required to take either Optics (PHY431) OR Electronics (PHY440).
Additionally, physics students are required to take 2 of the following: 
Intro to Condensed Matter Physics (PHY491), Intro to Nuclear Physics (PHY492), and Intro to Elementary Particle Physics (PHY493).

Files with limN in the name indicate that if any edge between two nodes (courses) has less than N students, that edge will not be shown.
Example: phy_crse_progression_hl_lim5.pdf will show a networkx diagram with edges eliminated if that course progression has less than 5 
students. 

If 2 courses have students that go between both courses, the number of students going from the first course will be displayed closer to the arrow pointing at the second course.
Example: some students take Physics 2 and then Physics Lab 1, and others take Physics Lab 1 and then Physics 2.
(PHYSICS 2)<<--[#stu taking Physics 2 after Physics Lab 1]------------------[#stu taking Physics Lab 1 after Physics 2]-->>(PHYSICS LAB 1)

Edges and arrows are color coded based on the node/course that the edge is coming from. 
Example: Course A is a blue node. It should have blue edges emitting from the node.

The weighted diagrams mean that the edge widths are weighted based on the number of students that go between 2 courses.
Example: 100 students go from Course A to Course B, 20 go from Course A to Course C, and 2 go from Course A to Course D. 
The edge between Course A and Course B will be wider than the edge between Course A and Course C, which will be wider than the edge between Course A and Course D.

The bold diagrams have the most common path from each course have much wider edges.
Example from above: The edge from Course A to Course B should be wider than the edges between Course A and Course C, and between Course A and Course D. The edge between Course A and Course C should have the same width as the edge between Course A and Course D. 

Note: If the text in the diagrams is too small (it most likely is) then download it and zoom in
